- Cloud-native applications are one of the most
impactful ways to build applications
for the global population.
We build applications that are able to run
close to the user with all the dependencies needed
to run that application.
This translates to an intense ability
to deliver applications to customers
that operate efficiently.
When building Java applications for the cloud,
the Spring Cloud set of projects increases
the speed of developing cloud-native systems.
Spring Boot mixed with Spring Cloud
gives developers a rapid starting point
and powerful abstractions for building
cloud-native as well as micro-services based systems.
Hi, my name is Frank Moley, a software developer
and architect that has been living and breathing
cloud-based application development for many years.
I have helped transition organizations
to the cloud using cloud-native application
development practices and tools, including Spring Cloud.
In this course, I will walk through with you
how to build applications using Spring Boot
and some of the core parts of Spring Cloud
so you too can move rapidly to either
a public or private cloud.